README.md, before:

# eb-deploy
Deploy websites to Elastic Beanstalk from the command line.

## Installation

    npm install -g eb-deploy

## Usage
`eb-deploy` will deploy the project in the current working directory to Elastic Beanstalk.

This tool is exposed as a command line program. See the information below for an explanation:

    Usage: eb-deploy [options]

    Options:

    -h, --help                    output usage information
    -V, --version                 output the version number
    -a, --accessKeyId <key>       Set AWS Access Key
    -s, --secretAccessKey <key>   Set AWS Secret Access Key
    -r, --region <region>         Set AWS Region [eu-west-1]
    -A, --applicationName <name>  The name of your Elastic Beanstalk Application
    -e, --environment <name>      Which environment should this application be deployed to?
    -b, --bucketName <name>       The name of the *existing* S3 bucket to store your version
    -B, --branch <name>           The branch that should be used to generate the archive [master]

## Examples
Deploy to an Elastic Beanstalk Instance

    eb-deploy \
      --accessKeyId=<access-key> \
      --secretAccessKey=<secret-access-key> \
      --region=eu-west-1 \
      --applicationName=My Application \
      --environment=my-application-dev \
      --bucketName=archiveStorage \
      --branch=master \
      /

Commit message:

check in files and update logger

README.md, after:

# eb-deploy
Deploy websites to Elastic Beanstalk from the command line.
Forked from original to allow the packaging and deployment to be broken up into separate steps. This allows continuous integration to add environent specific files to the deployment package that are not available or desired to be placed in source control.

## Installation

    npm install -g @mosthix/eb-deploy

## Usage
`eb-deploy` will deploy the project in the current working directory to Elastic Beanstalk.

This tool is exposed as a command line program. See the information below for an explanation:

    Usage: eb-deploy [options]

    Options:

    -h, --help                    output usage information
    -V, --version                 output the version number
    -a, --accessKeyId <key>       Set AWS Access Key
    -s, --secretAccessKey <key>   Set AWS Secret Access Key
    -r, --region <region>         Set AWS Region [eu-west-1]
    -A, --applicationName <name>  The name of your Elastic Beanstalk Application
    -e, --environment <name>      Which environment should this application be deployed to?
    -b, --bucketName <name>       The name of the *existing* S3 bucket to store your version
    -B, --branch <name>           The branch that should be used to generate the archive [master]
    -m, --mode <mode>             Specify steps to run (package, deploy or all) [all]

## Examples
Deploy to an Elastic Beanstalk Instance

    eb-deploy \
      --accessKeyId=<access-key> \
      --secretAccessKey=<secret-access-key> \
      --region=eu-west-1 \
      --applicationName=My Application \
      --environment=my-application-dev \
      --bucketName=archiveStorage \
      --branch=master \
      /
